In this video I will show you how you can develop your own apps and websites with React.
Even if you’re still at the very beginning and maybe you’ve never written a line of code.
The website we are going to develop today is as follows.
A online store where you can see different vegetables and fruits and add them to your shopping cart.
So in this video you will learn very concrete how to get React on your computer to run,
how you create an application with it and how you can use it all for you in the future
To write different programs.
When I started using JavaScript, the language was not very comfortable yet.
There were just things that were very complicated to write.
With React, this has changed fundamentally.
We can write things with much less code, much more efficient and at the same time much more understandable.
And you can even learn all this relatively quickly.
So I would say, let’s go straight to the computer and go off.
Let us first explain the question, what is React?
React is a JavaScript library developed by Facebook.
At that time, the goal was simply to find from Facebook a way to write JavaScript much more efficiently.
React is not a framework, but a so-called library.
So a library that provides us with different JavaScript functions.
React is based on components.
We have components that again have other subcomponents.
A subcomponent is usually part of our software.
That is, if, for example, we have such a website, then the header would be,
So this navigation line there above, a component.
Similarly, we will also have a component to present the individual modules here.
Module 1, Module 2, Module 3
This is all the same component, only with different parameters.
It always has a different picture and a different text.
The components are mostly packed.
This means that at the top we have our app components.
Our app consists of a navigation bar and a container.
There are other subcomponents, our modules.
Here a component is now multiplied, but always with different parameters.
The modules are made up of other subcomponents.
For example, a head, that is, the upper part, and a body, that is, the lower part.
A React component usually has at least two elements.
Once a state and once a render function.
The state is ultimately the data we want to display when our component is reduced.
And the render function, which is responsible for saying,
which UI elements are now to be displayed in the component.
For example, a text, a button or a link.
When we program object-oriented, the whole is mostly presented in this way.
We have a class and this class is called as the component should be called.
There are now two things inside, once the state, then the data are inside.
and our Render function.
Between these doubts comes the code that we need.
to create our UI elements.
React means in German as much as reacting.
This is quite good because we are reacting to the changes.
This means, for example, if the data changes in our state,
Then we want to respond to it and announce something new.
So, I would say we go straight away.
To be able to work with React, we must first
Install some software on our computer.
The first thing we need is Node.js.
Node.js is a so-called work-time environment for JavaScript.
In other words, it means that we can run JavaScript on our computer.
This means you could, for example, create a backend or something or desktop programs.
with JavaScript.
But we don’t need Node.js for this, because a React program is easy to do.
in our web browser.
What Node.js still has is the so-called Node Package Manager.
In addition, software can be used on our computer via the command line.
Install, such as React or programs that automatically install a React App
to produce for us.
Therefore, we need to install Node.js.
Just go here to download and then stay here for Windows, Mac
or for the source code, for example, if you use Linux.
Then, of course, we also have to write our code somehow.
We need a code editor.
This is the standard that we always take, Visual Studio Code.
Just click here to download if you shouldn’t have it yet.
After you have installed everything, you need to reboot your computer.
Then you open the Visual Studio Code and the whole looks like that.
This is our base.
Here we can start now.
At the next step, we are now making our first project.
First we need to create a folder and then create it with Visual Studio.
Open the code.
For this, we can simply go to the top left to File and then to Open Folder.
After we have gone here, we can now go to the folder where your projects are located.
To keep everything clear, I don’t recommend it all on your desktop.
to place but I have everything, for example, here just on C slash Dev slash
The React Projects.
There are all my React projects in and this folder I choose now.
If I now press the terminal here above, I can open a new terminal below.
This is this entry invitation.
This is exactly the same as if you would enter CMD here to the left below in Windows.
And this thing is opened here or entered in the Spotlight Search Terminal on Mac.
To set up a new React project now, you just need the command npx create-react app
to enter.
This npx automatically starts a program from the Internet called create-react app,
This is our first React project.
If you’re working on Linux or Mac, you’ll need to write the word sudo here.
You do this as an administrator.
Before you click Enter, you will need another parameter.
Enter the name of your project.
I just call it my online shop and press Enter.
After everything has gone through, we now see a new folder here on the page,
which was created.
This is my online shop and here is now our React project to find.
It is also important how we can start it all.
We need to switch to the folder first.
That is, we have to switch from this terminal to this folder.
This goes with the command cd, that is for Change Directory and here I now give my online shop
I can start it all by entering the command npm start.
In addition, I want to install an extra extension in the VS Code, so an extension.
This is here.
It is called Simple React Snippets.
Just put it up here and press it up here.
I have installed it all with me and with this extension you have the same
You have the opportunity to program a lot more conveniently than you have already done.
You can do it with React.
By the command you entered here, now in my web browser this
The thing up here.
Here is our start app in React and with it we can either continue to work.
Now we can just create a new app.
When we look at the folder structure, we will see some files and
Some of the Orders.
This is for example package.json.
Here are ultimately all the libraries, so all the extensions for JavaScript in it.
They have been installed and they are located in the folder Notes Modules.
We don’t have to look at it very much now.
Readme.md is simply again a small documentation with a few information.
Then there is package.log.
Here is what has been installed since the last installation, so in this case
We need everything and gitignore if we want to work with Git.
But we do not do that now.
Git is a version control, which means that we can use our code in all versions.
Online storage in the cloud.
Then there is the public order.
There is our finished website inside and the folder source.
This is the source code.
Here is our source code and this is the folder in which we mainly
This is because there is everything that has to do with programming.
Here are some, some files.
But what we want to do now is simply to completely delete everything here.
We really want to start at zero.
So I just press to remove, say move to recycle and now we have here
A complete empty folder and start from zero.
We place a new file here in the folder with the right click and new file and name
This is the index.js file.
Then we will press Enter and now have a completely empty file.
This is the basis for our program.
That is, everything we rewrite here will then automatically become the base for our
to be website.
The first thing we have to do here now is to import React.
That is, I have to write something like import react from.
Why do we write this exactly this way?
The first is what we want to import and the second is from which library we
They want to import it.
The library is called React and the function we want to re-copy here or
The element is also called React.
The second thing we need is something that is called React Dom.
For this we write import React Dom from.
Now it becomes interesting.
React minus Dom.
That’s what we really say, and after we’ve written it all, we can now
I have already started programming.
Of course, what we always want to do on our side is the obligatory.
Hello the world.
With Hello World we can ultimately simply show on our site whether the whole
It works.
I can just make a variable, a variable.
I call it the element and it is now attributed to HTML code. That is, I write here
H1, Hello World. Many people will already see now, okay, here is now the HTML code inside,
But it’s not all in the indication; in fact, it should always be like that.
This is not the case with React, but this is not the case with React.
HTML code, but about pseudo-HTML code. The whole is later converted into real HTML code.
That is, we can actually write here without a reference sign. This H1 element
is now a very normal HTML element later and that we have to be on our side now
And for this we need this React DOM. DOM stands for Document Object Model and
It always represents our HTML code on our site. however we have here
a private, a virtual DOM. That is, we have our own tree on HTML elements,
which are not yet real, but in this fake HTML ultimately and React generates from it
We can now simply say reactdom.render and say that we are the element,
So our headline, want to render. now we have to say, of course, where all
and for that we have to look at the public folder once. a website starts
There is a file called index.html, and there is a little bit of it.
In fact, it’s quite empty.At a HTML page we always say in the hot area
only a lot of configuration and meta information through our site. that is, theme color to
Example, something to an icon, what width the page should have, what title to have
and so on and so on. In Buddy, that really comes into interesting.
Looking at Buddy, then we see here very interesting, namely two things.
Run only if the web browser for any reason does not support JavaScript.
simply said, hey, you need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
A DIV container simply has an ID name here.
root and what we can do now is to access this container with JavaScript and
then add content to this container. and the whole now takes over React.
We just have to access this container here and we have to access this item here as
Add the second parameter to this method of React. That is, here comes into
document getElementByID root. And after we have done it all, of course comes the end
There is a semiconductor on each side and we’re already ready.
that here now stands Webpack compiled successfully. the URL we can now open again,
by simply pressing the control button or command here and then pressing it here and
then it all goes up in my web browser and we now see the following here.
Hello world. and when we look at it all once, I can always do it with one
Right-click and research, then I see here that this h1 element simply in our
The index page has been embedded. that is, we look at it all again here and split it
We have a page that looks like this, we have a page that looks like this.
Base for each individual page we have. and here on the left side in the JavaScript file
We have now defined another HTML element. And this HTML element, that will be
Now here in this DIV container, so here, zack, used. and so we have it already
We were able to build Hello World and so we created our first home page.
So now that we have set up our Hello World, it will be time for our next step.
Online shop to shed together. and for that we naturally need components. we don't want everything
Write into a file as it is now here, but we want to set up several components.
Since we can have a lot of components in an app very quickly,
I always recommend adding a new suborder to this source folder and adding the component to
Then we pack all our components out. that is, if I now for example
I would like to make our navigation bar first, then I would now have a new file here.
Reinscribe and namely navbar.js. we can write with JavaScript, with TypeScript
Writing or with something, that is JSX. I would recommend this first.
with the completion of the car and the display often a little better.
Now, of course, we have to rewrite this standard building for the first time.
That we have installed this extension called React Snippets.
simply write imrc and then press Enter and then this standard import is
The same thing I can do now to make the entire code for a
For this I just write cc and press Enter and we see,
that we have already set up a complete JavaScript class. we just have to say now,
I think it’s a good thing to say, and we see that when I start to write,
automatic multiple lines are typed. because we work here with a so-called
This means that our component is always created in such a class here and
that is then exported at the end of the file. in our index.js we can all now
This means that there is still a bit of code coming into here, for example, nav and
I'm just going to get there.I'm just going to navigate.
This is the HTML code, this is the HTML code, this is the HTML code.
HTML code, which is actually not real and this navbar that we can now take place here
That is, I say here is just import navbar from and now say
I, from where I want to import it from the folder com-components and then slash navbar
and then we can use the thing now here. that is, I can now simply here
Zack navbar, that’s what you always write so clear. here above you have to say that point and
slash before writing, very important and then now our navbar will be in our application
I’m going to see a very interesting thing, but I’m going to see a few more.
Step back, then we see that I just created the item here and
I have added. here, however, we have worked with a so-called class.
It is possible in React, whether we are object-oriented, that is, or not object-oriented.
I want to work, but this is more industry standard here, so I would recommend,
Even if it’s a little more code to always write like that.
clearer, because you see here, you always have such a thing, that comes up here,
This goes to here below and here is our entire code now recorded.
I would recommend that you always write this according to this formula and then just here so
If I open our page now, then we also see that here our
This is not a CSS tutorial, but a React tutorial.
That’s why we don’t build components together here, piece by piece.
but we take finished components from the CSS Framework Bootstrap.
the possibility of simply making such finished components, such as a navigation bar or
If you’re sitting here for NAV or just join NAVBar.
You already have a lot of different elements here on the left side and then you can
Now just search here and just import into your project. here we have a relatively
If we go down here, we still have a very light here and there is here
Of course, HTML code with CSS classes. but at the same time, there is also natural
JavaScript and a CSS file that needs to be imported here and that we can also in React
Now we first pack the NAVBar here.Zack.
have done it all and have somewhat beautifully brought it here, we get now
This is a small problem and it is not possible to use this class here. in normal HTML we can
To tell how a HTML element should look with a CSS class.
Class here. however, the class exists also in JavaScript. This is why you need to
React the HTML classes not call class, but class name.
Wrong because there is such a root in it. here I just write such a slash in
and then we have no mistakes anymore. now we have to bootstrap still to our side or to our
Add project. for this we can take the Node Package Manager again and simply say npm
install minus save Bootstrap and then two things happen now.
Bootstrap because it is now part of our project, here in this list with these dependencies
We see the whole and, in addition, everything that is here in dependencies,
automatically downloaded into the folder Node Modules. that is, here we now have a new
folder called Bootstrap. for that we scream a little down here and there he should be.
We now have a folder called dist.css and here we now have a lot of CSS code.
This is always a matter of mind. .min is always a matter of mind. .min is always a matter of mind.
individual CSS files that exist here have become somewhat incomprehensible here in this .min file,
but for our purposes perfectly simply summarized and minimized.
We just need to import this file and all we can here simply in our Navbar
or also simply in our index.js. that is, we write here simply import and
Now you have to indicate the path from this folder here. and the whole can already be a little bit
This is the reason why you can just right-click here and say copy relative path.
We have to put it in between the indicators so and so.Yes, now we have to be still minimal
This nod modules and so on we don’t need at the beginning.
We want to have the forward-looking slashes that need to be entered here
Now we can now say npm start, now we can now say npm start.
to start our project again. and as we see, we now have our
Navigation bar here above has already been inserted. that is, we have a bootstrap component
taken and it is imported with this HTML code, at the same time here above now the whole styled,
by the fact that we have imported the CSS file here. in the next step we will now
Of course, we need to add a few products to our online store and we need it first.
so a map where the whole is shown. And the good thing is if we go through the bootstrap
Components go, then we see something very good here, and I just have here.
left on the cart and then found this thing here. here we can just now
Add a few pictures and then actually take this map completely here.
Well, what the HTML device should look like. that is, we just go into our code and
I'm just adding these note modules here again and tell you
Now here in the folder Components that I want to create a new component called product.
I’m going to have JSX, and then I can say that I’m going to have JSX.
write CC to add my standard component here. product I call it all and as
HTML code you just get it here. it's important that we everywhere class is the whole
So here, here, here, here and here in Class Name.
We also need to import React, that is, EMRC, then to Enter and then we have here the
React or React and Component are imported here.
But here we still see that something is red and that’s very likely that there’s something here.
There are three comic points in it, and we have to add a picture.
You can find free photos on pixabay.com, for example, just go there and we can
Let us just download some vegetables here in the smallest solution.
so that the page does not load so long. you should always take one so that it still looks sharp,
However, the size of the image is not too large. for the images we need a new
Folders, I just call the assets and pack in this folder another subordner named
I now draw the image out of my download folder and name it again and
The image can be added here at Source, but
We need to change a few things. if I go through here, for example,
Image has no corresponding closing day. We work here with a type of XML and accordingly
HTML elements that are not closed must always be closed at the end with such a slash.
This means that an image does not rise again and therefore we have to say here at the end,
There’s a slash here, and there’s a class here.
What does ClassName really have to be called and now we have to see it all somehow.
I’m not writing here for the first time, but a product.
Then we also see that it is already automatically imported by React.
If we open our page now, however, we do not see anything yet and therefore we recommend
I'm always going to search you in the Chrome browser here and then here this
Choose console, because here the React always tells very exactly what the error is.
The style prop expects a mapping from style properties to values.
It sounds complicated for the first time, but here below is that you just style.
I have to write a bit different. if we just copy this error and go to Google.
Whatever I would recommend you as a beginner, then we will also see
Here’s exactly what to do and that’s what we have to do at React now at once styles instead of style
write and have to write it a bit different from the syntax here.
I’m writing here, I’m writing here, I’m writing here, I’m writing here, I’m writing here.
Clamps up, two twisted clamps up, the semicolon comes away and, in addition, we have to go here
I'm writing all this in such individual signs. after I'm writing all this now
There is no error, no warning, no error.
that we do not use our Navbar anymore, that we can still fix and if I now on our
Going page, then we see that here above now our map will be displayed.
Not yet found, but otherwise we’ll see everything here.
Because we have made a little mistake here, we have this asset order one.
This asset orderer should always be in this public folder,
This is what our web server accesses at the end of the day.
Asset Order, press Control X and then I add it here after I press on Public
have, with control V. has not yet worked completely, then we pull it further.
We have my online shop Public Assets Image Tomatoes and here
Now we get to it and when we look at our page now, we see here,
that our map has this beautiful header with a picture. the next task is now
Of course, add several cards to our app and add the Navbar again.
In this section, we now want to incorporate several components simultaneously into our app.
We have the Navbar and a component for our product, for the tomatoes.
From the second component, of course, we want to add several and the first
We want to do it, and we need a component first.
We’ve always said that we’re at the lower level.
They want to have a component called the app and that then binds everything we need,
For example, our Navbar and so on and so on. That is, I put here first
Enter a new component, call the app.jsx and press Enter.
such as your EMRC to make this import statement and I put on a new component,
Name the app and here I now want to export and import different things.
That is, this product, that comes out here first and I just want here
That is, I say here app, zack, that is also automatically imported.
Product I am now importing in the app myself, not here anymore.
and here in the app I now want to have both my Navbar and my component with my
If I write it all this way, then it all will not work.
Here it is stated that in JSX expressions always a maximum of a parent element
What does it mean? we can only have one element. we can only have one element.
have where several sub-elements are inside, as we have done it here.
Example a DIV and there are several sub-elements in it.
However, it is not possible that we should just have so many elements here.
This is why we can do different things now. we can, for example,
Add a DIV and then have several sub-elements in this DIV, so in about.
If you say now, but I don’t want to have an extra DIV, then you can write here.
React.fragment and after you’ve done it all, then you’ve just got it all this way
If we look at our app now, I do it
A little bit smaller here, then we see that here is the Navbar and here is the Navbar.
We can now also add several products here. if we do this now
Here we have, then we see that there are several products among each other.
I would now put in an extra container again, because then we can say that this
Products should also be displayed next to each other. that is, I can now
Just say we have a DIV container that goes up here. There is a product inside, a product
Within, a product inside, a product inside, and everything goes back here.
If we want these products to be next to each other, then we need a CSS class.
That is, I just add a CSS class here, call the product container.
This means I need a CSS file that I call now
I'm just going to index.css.Zack, that comes here and then I can now say that here
For example, the feature display flex is given, so all my elements are in one
Showing a series and that my elements should have a distance, for example, 32 pixels.
This index.css I still have to import now, I just do it here. I say import.slash
index.css and then I add a semicon here. and if I now look at our app here,
I see that there are four different containers here and that these containers are also a distance
32 pixels. if all of you should not yet be displayed like this,
Then always check two things. number one the consoles.
If there are any errors here. here we have another mistake, but that's not
This is bad because it is just a warning. then we can get into it later. and the other
It is that we must have stored here. that is, every file you modify
you have, go there again and just press control S. You can also see that here below
Then everything is always updated and you should have always stored every file.
Here, of course, there are always exciting warnings. for example, here
It is said that there is still a small error in our product file, and that is in line 11.
And if we go there, then we will see what the problem is.
I'm not sure if I'm just packing a slash or something like that.
And then it works all. In the end, we want to go to the left and right, of course, also.
It means I go again into our CSS file and say here Padding
Left 32 pixels and Padding Right 32 pixels. The one is that the whole is drawn to the left and
So it is put on the right side. and now it all looks like this and I find,
I think it’s a good thing for most people now, and we’re going to find it on the mobile.
I can tell you how it is arranged to each other. it is easy to say.
For this we simply say Add Media, pack here. Maximum width should be 850 pixels to
Example and then our product container should still have an extra feature, namely Flex.
Direction column. This shows elements from each other. we see it now here.
together and from a certain width to each other. now we have
Our online shop is still a problem. until now you can just buy tomatoes.
Make sure that there is always a different image on each component.
that there is a different title and a different text. and the whole is of course with
This React component is also possible. for this we can simply jump in our code
and can change a thing here now. and that we have said in our app component so far,
There are four different types of products, but here it is just
We now have the possibility in this component variables
This means that we can now, for example, change the title in which I
The title is the same as tomatoes and the next, so the next product here below.
I can go here, I can go here, I can go here, I can go here, I can go here.
Let’s write something and can say here for example, okay, there’s here, let’s say, apples and
So, and these variables that I can now in my product
Take components and simply insert where the card title stands. and I do it by
Here now just add a wiped clamer, add a wiped clamer, and then say,
this.probs.title. so that's here our variable and that's here, that's always you have to do before it
writing, because this here says that we are on the properties that we have drawn from the outside,
And if we look at it now, then we see tomatoes, cakes,
Apples and pearls. Now, of course, we have only changed a variable.
We are also changing the description and, of course, the picture of the tomatoes.
Of course, we need to download more pictures first. that is, we just go here
on pixabay.com and now search for, for example, Gurken. you can do this in German or on
In English, it's absolutely no matter. And then I'm downloading it all. With apples and pears
I have done the same now and all of these pictures we now pack in our image orders.
I recommend you always change the whole, because then you can make it much easier.
Apple is still coming here and now I just say right-click, rename and
Write here apples.jpg, cucumbers.jpg and so on and so on.
Take this video for a short time and try this little exercise alone.
multiple variables in a row, not only the title, but a variable named image,
a variable named Description and then you can all these variables in the other view
Let’s take it and let it announce. we will then do it all together again. are you ready?
If not, then we do everything together now. so we need two variables,
This is a variable, which I now call an image.
No matter how we call them, and then another variable, which I add behind the title,
because it simply makes sense of the order and that is description. and both variables must
In the picture it is clear, in the tomatoes comes tomatoes.jpg
purely, in Gurks comes cucumbers.jpg purely and so on and so on.
you add what you want, for example add tomatoes to your basket.
I'm going to write it like this now. you'll have to write it like this later.
Add better descriptions here to the respective products. I write here
Now just apples and here I write pearls. and after I have done it all,
We must, of course, let the whole thing be shown in the product with this logic here.
The image here must also be a variable. we have called this variable image and then
This description must also be a variable here. the description we have simply Description
This means that here everything comes away and then comes here Description.
I've done it all now so, then you'd think it's possible, but we've got a little more.
errors and you may have noticed that. the images are no longer displayed and in
Our source code is all in this way. that we must, of course, change.
A variable is a variable, a variable is a variable, a variable is a variable, a variable is a variable.
are inserted without these reference signs. The reference signs that come now simply
Here we pack such a plus and ultimately link this text with this
If we look at it now, then we will also see that it has worked.
We’re going to see our pictures correctly. that’s, we’ve already had a small online shop,
where there are four individual products now. instead of Go Somewhere it should still be here to
Add a box or something like that. I just write here to add and then see it
What our online shop needs, of course.
This means that if we press to add on a product,
Then, of course, it should also be displayed on the right side or so on our shopping cart.
And we are building it all now. First of all, we must, you probably have it for you already
I'm thinking about setting up a new component. I'm just calling it shopping-card.jsx and press
We import again two different things. once of course React and Component and
So we have to make the component ourselves. this time we take it in the so-called
CamelCase, so written, shopping card. Then we must now, of course, in the next
Step here to say what the whole thing is to look like. and then we are just building a
DIV. There is now somehow a small title, namely a shopping card.
We are in German goods basket. and much more is not seen here at first.
We need to be connected to our app now. and it is important that all of it must, of course, be right from
Our product container will be embedded. therefore I add this now here
Zack, it's automatically always imported here. here I'm still making such a slash,
so that we can simply pack it here. and after we have done it all now,
We have to say somehow that the Naftbar comes up and these two things here.
And for this, I pack the two lower elements again into a new container.
For a container I can always say that the elements are arranged next to each other.
For this reason, I just add a new class to the thing here and call this class now.
Main containers. We can call them as we said, as we want.
that we add it with a point here so in the CSS file and that we are here now
simply say, display flex. Because with the command we can both elements in one
I’m going to say that we’re going to have a distance from each other, and we’re going to have a distance.
32 pixels. And if we look at it all now, then it looks like that.
Yes, I would give a little distance to the right, so let’s say something like this.
Padding minus right 32 pixels. and in fact we don’t even need this gap now
We know that our product container is also right here.
Input has 32 pixels. that is, if we look at the whole now, we have here after
right 32 pixels, to the left to this box 32 pixels and anywhere exactly 32 pixels distance.
After we have done it all, I would like to give our basket a minimum width,
For example, at least 20 percent or so. means our shopping card gets here
I just call it Shopping minus Card.
I think it makes the most sense. and say here that our shopping card with a point
Breadth gets from 20 or let’s say somehow 25. I think 20 is good.
This is one percentage of our screen width, so it looks like this.
For example, if you could say with 25 VW, then it would be so.
Especially if we make it all very small here, then we will see it.
I think something else, but let it first.
The whole now so and now we have to make sure that the elements with a click on this
Button can be added to our box. in this section we want our
It means we need somehow a way, all the goods,
which we will add to our basket later once, save and then all of this
to show elements next to each other or to each other. for such a thing is appropriate
a so-called array. an array gives us the possibility of making multiple information next to each other
to store and all of it now we look together once. when we go to our shopping
Card component look, then everything looks like this. we have a container and
In this container a title is reduced. here we should now
even more diffs, for example, show and these diffs, which should of course say,
what product has been added, for example tomatoes and how much more,
So, for example, twice tomatoes or something like that. Now, of course, we need to know what is all here
added and for that we look at this state here for the first time.
We will always store all the data from our component. meaning we can here
For example, say something like items and can now simply add which items and how
Many items have been added here. meaning, we can now say here for example a
A lot, one, then a name, that is, tomatoes, and then somehow a price.
I'm going to write a double score of 4.9 or so, and I've done it all.
I can now show these data here. now assumed we have not just tomatoes,
but also another element, then these things would just be like one after another.
Here we have all the information about our tomatoes in the shopping cart, here we have
All information about our apples, I'm writing. apples may cost a little more,
Yes, these are kilo prices here or something like that, so it's a bit high, probably tomatoes
Even a bit more expensive, let’s say 2.9 and 4.9, then I think it’s a bit more expensive.
Apples are a huge box probably and after we’ve done it all, we can
Now the elements here out somehow present here below. if you are with Angular already
Once you have discussed, then you’ll know that there’s something in Angular, that’s NG4 and with
to this NG4 we can say that we are here depending on how many items we have here above,
That is, now with one item, two items, this section would be here twice
The whole is not possible in React, instead you write the whole with
the so-called Mapping Operator. that is, we now first access the items by
say this.state.map and now we can say in this mapping function that we are on a
we want to access each item, so we want to access one item here and for each item we want to
This code is generated here. now we want to say that there are no tomatoes here,
but the name of our respective item, i.e. item.name and now it would be easy here
item.name screaming, therefore we have to here again a twisted clam and a
We have a variable, we have a variable, we have a variable.
I want to do this for both Xs. Here we want to access the Amount and accordingly
let's say here just item.amount and then everything should work here.
If you want to have the price now, then we will add item.price here and behind it.
Maybe there’s a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit.
not this.state, but this.state.items.map, because we want from our state to the items
This is what we want to do, and this is what we want to do, this is what we want to do, this is what we want to do, this is what we want to do.
Now look at our web browser, once update, then we will see here as well,
OK, here is a DIV now, we look at it all once, Zack and here is 1 X tomatoes
2.9 euros and below is now one thing, a X apple 94 euros.
We still get a warning displayed on our console.
Every child in a list should have a unique keyprop.
we need to react, so react the DOM, that is, the collection of all the HTML elements that are reduced
will always be able to assign to add a keyproperty here. here we simply write
key="item.id", that should always be something clear. then, of course, we have to do the things here
still add an ID, yes, we can also simply say something like item.name because tomatoes,
Apples and so on, apples must stand here, even once it occurs, if in this case
So that should always be something clear here. here is another writing
Clammer before and here too, then these indications away and after we all
have done and now update, we see that the error message is gone.
other errors, which we can fix as well, for that we just have to
go to the top level, to our index.js and here we say react-dom.render.
But that is here to say, const root is the same react-dom.create-root element, yes, that has been
Just on the last React version, I think after version 18 changed and now we have to here
say root.render and take this part away here. react-dom here still small letters, so and now
we have it and now we see that this mistake is gone. now we have another
new error message, but that's not so bad, because we use React and the good
in React is that it is very common. that is, any error message that suddenly new
appear because the version has changed, you can just find Google with a second,
Yes, I just entered it here once, then you go to Stack Overflow, then you find it mostly.
the best solution and here is exactly what you have to do. we need something else now,
not more react-dom, but react-dom-client to import and enter it here and then
This error message has also disappeared and we have no error message.
more and our shopping cart works perfectly. If we look at our application, then
We have an app and this app contains three subelements,
once a NAVBA, a DIV container and a shopping card.
There are four products. in this product component we now have a
Add button and when we press this button, then we have to somehow
Information that we want to add the respective product to the top component,
So give to the app, so there up and everything must then be transmitted to our
When we look at our product, the whole thing is clear first. here is our
The whole thing should now first be no link anymore, but a button, because
a button can be triggered and then you can perform a function.
Button to press our superior component, which connects the whole, that is, this
App.jsx, a function will be triggered. and the whole one writes so. We say onClick and
It is important that the C is written large here, unlike pure JavaScript, otherwise it works.
all not and here we say now this.props.onAdd. and this onAdd here, that is now a
Properties that are added to the component product-automatically. With these props we act
always on all these things here, on this image, title, description. and now we have a
new feature added and that is called onAdd. and here we can now quite simply a feature
This means something like addItem and here we have to enter different things now,
Of course, the number may be one, then what we want to add, that is, tomatoes and
So what did we say? cost tomatoes 2.99. important is that here is a
Number, so. And here no indication signs can be refined anymore, but in React we must always be here
These doubts write things, for the indications would always stand for,
that we have a string, that is, a text, and the whole should not be the case here above.
Function addItem we now have to add our app here. we could do it all now so,
by simply writing addItem here and so on. in React, however, you use almost always
the so-called arrowNotation. that means we write the whole so. that has a benefit and
Otherwise we cannot in React access this without further access and that is necessary.
more often when programming, for example when we want to access the state.
want to add different items to our state here above now. that means standard should
This is here for the first time to be a empty array. And if we say this.setState now we can
I can now say here which field I want to change,
It is the item field and what I want to change it. and it is to the old items, so this.state.items
I want to add something here.I say point push and can now here.
Add a few elements. that means, of course, I want to add the amount,
I also want to add the name and I want to
Also add the price. this information that gives
We are all here in this function. that is, we can here between the
Amount, Name, Price. These three variables get
Now the values 1, tomatoes 2,99.
This means name, double point name, price, double point price, etc.
The car completion has made a small mistake here below.
a twisted clammer too much and a semi-colon too little.
Here behind the double point we have to say now,
What we put in here? that is, we must first get here the old state
I have to add something new to it, I have to add something new to it.
CurrentItems and say now this.state.items to the current items here
I can get up here, I can get up here something new by saying
CurrentItems.push and here I add a new JSON.
Now the three parameters that we are here between the clamps in our
That is, we call the whole once Amount, Name and Price and
These three things that need to be wrapped here now. through this syntax
Now a JSON is created, which has a field Amount with the value we
A name has the value we enter here and a price we enter here.
with the value we put here. and if I still have the whole
a bit of formatting, for example by simply inserting an enter here and so,
Then you can read it all very well and these CurrentItems that I put
This means that the item field is now overwritten with the value,
I have a little problem, but now we have a little problem.
React is very specific and there are no parameters here.
We have to put the function here directly without clammer on clammer
What we can do, what we can do, what we can do, what we can do.
Write and add it all here.
Here below we get a little mistake, because here is AddItem.
But the AddItem is part of our class, so we have to say here
This.addItem. after we have done it all, we can do it now
Add our other products, here, here and here.
say here of course cakes, apples, pearls and can still enter the prices here
Let’s say 1,99, 3,99, 4,99.
This HeadState here is, by the way, extremely important, because there is no
The data is only updated above, but at the same time it is also
Render function is automatically re-executed only by this SetState.
It works automatically, but it requires
always this feature to say that we want to render our content.
Now, of course, we’re going to look at whether our data is really
I am changing and that’s why I’m logging it all now and tell you.
this.state to see what happens to our state. that is, if I
our app now open here and click here to add, then I see,
to add a new item to our state here
If I press on apples, then here is the amount.
1 in apples and so on. that is, the elements that are added will be
Now in our state always stored, but of course not yet in our state
We should now have these items still on our shopping cart
That is, we have to say in our shopping card here,
OK, items the same and must here somehow on the data from here
So you have to say something like this.state.items.
After we have done it all, we can now in our shopping card
access to our items. so now we no longer need the state here
to get out, but from the variables that were put in
This means we say here this.props.items and if we are now
Click here to add, tomatoes, garlic, pearls, apples, we see that
All here on the page has been added to our box. so our
Customers now receive the data from our top app component and
we have now stored an array with different elements, wherever in
Mount stands, where curves stand, pearls stands, and so on.
It is a challenge to say that if I repeat
Birnen presses that here is a 2x and that we no longer have the problem,
What we have now, that pearls will be added again and here therefore
Even a mistake is shown.
We are currently still having a problem in our shopping cart. If I have an item
Add, let’s say tomatoes, and now add again.
We get a problem. and here the items will be just twice.
Instead, we want to say that if an element is
Number 1 is already in our shopping cart, we don't get the item again
I want to add, but rather this one here just about another one.
To increase, then to the value 2 and now let’s look at the whole.
For that we go in our code and we see here to the left above yes that we are here
Get the current items and now just every time we click on the button
press to add a new object here. instead we have to
However, we say we’re looking at whether tomatoes are already in our
We have goods, we have goods, we have goods first.
That means I have to say something like let existing item or something like that.
And here I just have to say now that I’m searching through my items.
by saying this.state.items.find. and we are now just looking for if here already
an item, an item with the name is present. that is, I say item.name
The same name. and if this item already exists, then I want it
This means that I say existing item.amount++.
not exists, then I want to add it. That is, we now have two cases in
Case number one, we say, the whole exists already and case
Number two is here below, it does not exist yet.
Add it to the basket. otherwise we have the element in this variable,
what is stored in our basket and then we use it and increase the
This item from our shopping cart here this amounts about one. let’s look at it all.
I press to add and then again to add and then again to add.
See that there is still only one element here, but the amounts are on two.
This means that every time we have a different state here, we can also have a different state here.
Add a so-called Debugger. I do it in the line before.
just debugger and then you can understand the whole a little better,
If I now press the button, then our code keeps here
in this line, as we see here. if I continue a line now, I press for it
Just go down on this step, then on this track and then a line further.
Then we will see it in existing item, if I go there now or if I just go here
The thing is a bit bigger here, then we see here below on the side always our
Variable and there we see, existing item has the value undefined.
not with this value in our basket. the first case is therefore not fulfilled and accordingly
Now let’s jump directly to the second case. so it’s going through. we’re jumping right here
down, we carry out the whole and carry it into our basket and add it there.
I just go on and say to add and now have
we have a similar situation, but this item already exists.
the page goes to existing item, then we see that here now suddenly no longer undefined
but that here the element from our basket is inside with amount1, name, tomatoes,
Accordingly, we have now fulfilled this first case and we are now going here
and increase the amount and then we just go down here, quite normal, updating the state and so on
What has happened here is any reaction logic that interests us
Now we know at all that I can click here. the Debugger we can
Now also throw it out again, you will always just try it out and after we
have done all, we can now here different items in our basket
add and can increase it. If you have watched the video until here, then you have now
Your first React app was written. Congratulations! but there’s still a lot to do.
As you have noticed, a single project, of course, helps to find the start, but still
long not to become a React project developer. accordingly, you have to do a thing now
I have shown you a few simple examples, but you have to
attempt to build as many projects as possible and to create more functions
For example, you can try to continue this project here and in the shopping cart.
to remove elements or, for example, the number with two buttons, a plus and
to increase or decrease a minus button. and if you say now, hey, the whole thing makes me
Super sh-
Have fun and I need support and I want to work as a developer.
But maybe you’re still at the very beginning, then you’ll be happy to find out about our further education.
informing, because we form software developers, including source investors, i.e. people,
They may have never, or just, coded very little before.
If you are interested in this, click on the link at the top.
The YouTube description.
You can not only inform yourself, but you can also have a free consultation.
agree with me and my team.
We can just talk to each other completely unbindingly and see if we
We can help you and in what situation we can help you best.
Maybe we’ll see each other personally, otherwise we’ll see each other here on this channel.
in one of the next videos.
Do it well, your Junus, Ciao.